aaaaaaaaaa
bbbbbbbbb
ccccccccc
AI Translated
Almost there, just an easy little hawk.
Kind of.
Hey, you wanted to come this time.
Just a little fire.
Hey, hey, ow.
You hear anything?
I don't like it.
There's gotta be other
people out here, other villages.
And one day someone's gonna end certain.
Never change.
Hey, hey, sweet beautiful chicken.
What are you waiting for?
Let's go home.
I can't wait till I retire.
You're bruised.
You're in my face.
I don't love anything.
How could I beat this chicken?
New look.
Yep, even better.
Oh, look.
The name is Boo.
Hi, kid.
You can do it.
Hold on.
Lay it on me.
I mean, it takes a
bit to rotate the sails.
Got it.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
It's called a hair whip.
A hair whip.
Let it from those guys.
So, how did go this time?
You found something.
It was in a clearing,
which I found a little help from.
Hey, but this isn't from our village.
I don't even know what
it's made of, but it's proof.
There are other people out there.
I don't know why we haven't
found them yet, but Dad, that island,
I think that's where they're going to be.
I just have to figure
out how to find those stars.
Little fish!
I thought you were gone forever.
It was three days,
but I missed you every...
Mr. Baby.
Bring you?
You said you'd bring me a present.
Hmm.
Well, let me see.
Whoa.
What's it do?
What's it not?
Where are we going?
This is the place of our ancestors,
where I learned our people are voyagers.
Where Grandma showed me who we are.
She said to Grandma
by the ear and tell him,
I am a one and I'm a two-newie.
You'll board my boat and
restore the heart of the fishy.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
How much did it take?
A few weeks.
Weeks?
That's longer than forever.
I know, but it was important.
And if I hadn't fallen, I
never would have become a wayfinder.
Like our ancient chiefs, like
the last great navigator, Taotai Busa.
Before Maui stole
Timothy's heart and we stopped voyaging,
Taotai Busa wanted to connect our island
to all the people of the entire ocean.
Because together, what we can
do, how far we all can go, it's endless.
And now that I'm a wayfinder,
it's my job to continue what he started.
And this, this is my first cool how.
You should make Maui
go so you can stay with me.
Well, Maui's out
demigodding, but if he ever shows up,
you'll grab him by
the ear and tell him that.
I'm not here to cause trouble, just
a super chiseled demigodd passing through.
Now open the portal to
the island and I'll be on my way.
And why would I risk
breaking the rules for you
when you've already
caused my boss so much trouble?
Who?
Maui started it.
And you'll finish it?
Team up with your precious human again.
Team? You mean the girl with
the canoe and that goofy little chicken?
We weren't a team. I
just used her to get my hook.
Ow!
Nalo is a god, Maui.
If you try to reconnect the
people of the ocean, he will destroy you.
And then he'll destroy her too.
This is between him and me.
Moana has nothing to do with it.
Ooh, you've made her a way by now, Maui.
So now, she has everything to do with it.
It's done!
I'd like a sound like that.
Woo hoot!
Here you are.
Well, eat up.
We don't want the port getting old.
Why don't you watch me now?
Wanna.
Tonight isn't just a feast.
Long ago,
there was a title given
to the last great wayfinder.
With dreams as big as yours.
The sacred title.
More than a chief.
A tall tide.
Leader.
Connector of the entire sea.
My dear.
Would you honor us
tonight by accepting this title?
How people's first
tall tide in a thousand years.